Fixes a bug in the MZgate convention by reversing the internal and external phase arguments. (#301)
XanaduAI/strawberryfields: .github/CHANGELOG.md

* Added `sympy>=1.5` to the list of dependencies.
  Removed the `sympy.functions.atan2` workaround now that SymPy has been fixed.
  [#280](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/280)

> 

Author: My text editor automatically removes trailing whitespace, hence the changes above.

* Removed two unnecessary else statements that pylint complained about.
  [#290](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/290)

* Fixed a bug in the `MZgate`, where the internal and external phases were
  in the wrong order in both the docstring and the argument list. The new

>   signature is `MZgate(phase_in, phase_ex)`, matching the existing hardware

Reviewer: What do you mean `hardware decomposition`? There were two definitions directly in SF, no?

Author: Was referring to the `rectangular_symmetric` decomposition, will change it!
```suggestion
  signature is `MZgate(phase_in, phase_ex)`, matching the existing `rectangular_symmetric`
```
